DOCSP-38601: Update Conflict Resolution with info on dictionary keys (#758)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/details/conflict-resolution.txt

Conflict Resolution
===================

.. meta::

>    :description: A high-level overview of how Atlas Device Sync resolves synced data conflicts.

Reviewer: I might instead position this benefit-first, as conflict resolution is one of the reasons to use Realm/Device Sync. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
   :description: Learn about how Atlas Device Sync automatically resolves synced data conflicts, or how to build custom conflict resolution rules.
```

~~~~~~~

Device Sync interprets the value of a string as a whole and does not merge
conflicts on a per-character basis. For example, this means that if a character
or substring is inserted or deleted within a string, Device Sync will treat
this as a replacement of the entire value of the string.

Dictionaries
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Generally, dictionary conflicts are handled similarly to lists. However, there

Reviewer: We're referring to how conflicts are handled in lists, but we don't have a "Lists" section that spells this out. Instead, the information is scattered throughout the page. I might skip the intro sentence here and go straight to:

> Device Sync considers the removal of a dictionary key to be an update, rather than a deletion. As a result...

Alternately, we could add a List section that spells out list details.
